what's going on boys and girls my name
is John and I have a cold so if I suck
snot up in your ear or I sound terrible
I don't care we got WSD Kaymer's DUP
fibroma plays episode 2 and this is
gonna go poorly cuz god am i sick number
5 we got a guy with a name you can't
really say it's sneezy sneezy sneezy snd
why pick a name I can say thank you but
he's gonna get a dirty clipper he
Chuck's a knave gonna pick somebody off
with the big end kill somebody with that
made 4 plus 15 with the scope that's a
quick case that that's a mighty quick
case that's that's 10-second ace that's
dirty make a name I can read likes em
coming in at number 4 I can say your
name I like you this is a very high
level of competitive play mind you this
is invite invite leads so that's
impressive double headshot jumps you up
that's just that's gross that's absurd
come in at number 3 we got another
government aim I can say I like you to
pulse this is a ESL game Germany and
he's gonna go on a tear of the scope
here on city streets he's gonna pick off
four people in about 10 seconds nice
little wall bang right here that's an
impressive play noses are dressed quick
scopes or no scopes but quite a quite
solid play number four we got waves
playing playing clam bass and waves is
gonna get pretty dirty with it if I may
say so
this is this is a nasty nasty kill thief
right here it's gonna get an ace in
about five seconds it's all gonna be one
kill thief
that's just that that's gross what play
on bleep and a number one we have the
most impressive play I've seen today
this is just Sam and he's just gonna
absolutely dump on everybody's a chest
here plus 15 to finish off the ACE what
a clip Sam that's good stuff anyways if
you think he got better demos send them
our way we'd like to see them
another thing we got a new channel
called WASD editors this channel will
basically give you movie configs demos
and stuff you guys can use utilize to
get yourself involved in the cod4 movie
making scene or anything like that so if
you're interested be sure to check that
out
get you some solid movie configs and get
you started as always i'm john hope you
enjoyed the plays i don't enjoy being
sick
great talk we'll see you out there